docs/docs/learn/concepts/protocol.mdx, before:

---
id: protocol
title: Protocol
pagination_label: Protocol
sidebar_label: Protocol
description: Audius Protocol Documentation
---

# Overview

Audius is a decentralized, community-owned and artist-controlled music-sharing protocol. Audius
provides a blockchain-based alternative to existing streaming platforms to help artists publish and
monetize their work and distribute it directly to fans.

The mission of the project is to give everyone the freedom to share, monetize, and listen to any
audio.

The Audius Protocol [repository](https://github.com/AudiusProject/audius-protocol) is a
mono-repository that has all the pieces that make and support the protocol including smart
contracts, services, and other supporting libraries.

If you are interested in operating a service, see the [`running a node`](/node-operator/overview)
section. If you're interested in contributing to the Audius protocol, explore the code below!

```mermaid
flowchart LR
  A(((Artists)))--->|Publish Content|B([Audius Content Ledger])
  B--->|Index Content Metadata|D[(Discovery Node)];
  D--->|Discover Content|F;
  A(((Artists)))--->|Upload Content|C[(Content Node)];
  C--->|Stream Content|F(((Fans)));
  click C href "/learn/architecture/content-node"
  click D href "/learn/architecture/discovery-node"
```

Audius consists of three demographics of users: Artists (content creators), Fans (content
consumers), and Service Providers. Some users check fall into all three demographics!

- **Artists** upload tracks, create albums, and share content to their following
- **Fans** stream tracks, create playlists, subscribe to & follow artists, and re-share content to
  their following
- **Service Providers** serve app traffic, stream songs, and help secure the network

Service providers can provide one or more of the following services by staking $AUDIO tokens and
registering their service:

- Discovery node \(host an endpoint with SSL support and register endpoint with stake\)
- Content node \(host an endpoint with SSL support and register endpoint with stake\)

In the above diagram, creators can either run a content node themselves or use one of the
network-registered content nodes.

For more details on the Audius architecture, see the
[Audius protocol whitepaper](/reference/whitepaper).

## Audius Services

| Service                                              | Description                                                                                                        | GitHub                                                                                      |
| :--------------------------------------------------- | :----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | :------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| [Content Node](/learn/architecture/content-node)     | Maintains the availability of users' content on IPFS including user metadata, images, and audio content            | [Link](https://github.com/AudiusProject/audius-docker-compose/tree/main/creator-node)       |
| [Discovery Node](/learn/architecture/discovery-node) | Indexes and stores the contents of the Audius contracts on the Ethereum blockchain for clients to query via an API | [Link](https://github.com/AudiusProject/audius-docker-compose/tree/main/discovery-provider) |
| Identity Service                                     | Stores encrypted auth ciphertexts, does Twitter OAuth and relays transactions (pays gas) on behalf of users        | [Link](https://github.com/AudiusProject/audius-docker-compose/tree/main/identity-service)   |

## Audius Smart Contracts & Libs

| Lib                                                                                         | Description                                                                                                                                          |
| :------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ | :--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| [`libs`](https://github.com/AudiusProject/audius-protocol/tree/main/packages/libs)          | An easy interface to the distributed web and Audius services: Identity Service, Discovery Node \(discovery provider\), Content Node \(creator node\) |
| [`contracts`](https://github.com/AudiusProject/audius-protocol/tree/main/contracts)         | The smart contracts being developed for the Audius streaming protocol                                                                                |
| [`eth-contracts`](https://github.com/AudiusProject/audius-protocol/tree/main/eth-contracts) | The Ethereum smart contracts being developed for the Audius streaming protocol                                                                       |

## Service Provider Quickstart

A quick start guide to running Nodes on Audius can be found [here](/node-operator/overview)

Commit message:

update title and space service provider for node operator

docs/docs/learn/concepts/protocol.mdx, after:

---
id: protocol
title: Protocol
pagination_label: Protocol
sidebar_label: Protocol
description: Audius Protocol Documentation
---

# Overview

Audius is a decentralized, community-owned and artist-controlled music-sharing protocol. Audius
provides a blockchain-based alternative to existing streaming platforms to help artists publish and
monetize their work and distribute it directly to fans.

The mission of the project is to give everyone the freedom to share, monetize, and listen to any
audio.

The Audius Protocol [repository](https://github.com/AudiusProject/audius-protocol) is a
mono-repository that has all the pieces that make and support the protocol including smart
contracts, services, and other supporting libraries.

If you are interested in operating a service, see the [`running a node`](/node-operator/overview)
section. If you're interested in contributing to the Audius protocol, explore the code below!

```mermaid
flowchart LR
  A(((Artists)))--->|Publish Content|B([Audius Content Ledger])
  B--->|Index Content Metadata|D[(Discovery Node)];
  D--->|Discover Content|F;
  A(((Artists)))--->|Upload Content|C[(Content Node)];
  C--->|Stream Content|F(((Fans)));
  click C href "/learn/architecture/content-node"
  click D href "/learn/architecture/discovery-node"
```

Audius consists of three demographics of users: Artists (content creators), Fans (content
consumers), and Node Operators. Some users check fall into all three demographics!

- **Artists** upload tracks, create albums, and share content to their following
- **Fans** stream tracks, create playlists, subscribe to & follow artists, and re-share content to
  their following
- **Node Operators** serve app traffic, stream songs, and help secure the network

Node Operators can provide one or more of the following services by staking $AUDIO tokens and
registering their service:

- Discovery node \(host an endpoint with SSL support and register endpoint with stake\)
- Content node \(host an endpoint with SSL support and register endpoint with stake\)

In the above diagram, creators can either run a content node themselves or use one of the
network-registered content nodes.

For more details on the Audius architecture, see the
[Audius protocol whitepaper](/reference/whitepaper).

## Audius Services

| Service                                              | Description                                                                                                        | GitHub                                                                                      |
| :--------------------------------------------------- | :----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | :------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| [Content Node](/learn/architecture/content-node)     | Maintains the availability of users' content on IPFS including user metadata, images, and audio content            | [Link](https://github.com/AudiusProject/audius-docker-compose/tree/main/creator-node)       |
| [Discovery Node](/learn/architecture/discovery-node) | Indexes and stores the contents of the Audius contracts on the Ethereum blockchain for clients to query via an API | [Link](https://github.com/AudiusProject/audius-docker-compose/tree/main/discovery-provider) |
| Identity Service                                     | Stores encrypted auth ciphertexts, does Twitter OAuth and relays transactions (pays gas) on behalf of users        | [Link](https://github.com/AudiusProject/audius-docker-compose/tree/main/identity-service)   |

## Audius Smart Contracts & Libs

| Lib                                                                                         | Description                                                                                                                                          |
| :------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ | :--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| [`libs`](https://github.com/AudiusProject/audius-protocol/tree/main/packages/libs)          | An easy interface to the distributed web and Audius services: Identity Service, Discovery Node \(discovery provider\), Content Node \(creator node\) |
| [`contracts`](https://github.com/AudiusProject/audius-protocol/tree/main/contracts)         | The smart contracts being developed for the Audius streaming protocol                                                                                |
| [`eth-contracts`](https://github.com/AudiusProject/audius-protocol/tree/main/eth-contracts) | The Ethereum smart contracts being developed for the Audius streaming protocol                                                                       |

## Node Operators Quickstart

A quick start guide to running Nodes on Audius can be found [here](/node-operator/overview)
