packages/ddex/README.md, before:

# Audius DDEX

Processes and uploads DDEX releases to Audius.

## Local Dev
DDEX requires these services: `ddex-webapp`, `ddex-crawler`, `ddex-indexer`, `ddex-parser`, `ddex-publisher`, `ddex-mongo`.

### Env configuration
All services read from `packages/ddex/.env`.

To use stage envs: `cp packages/ddex/.env.stage packages/ddex/.env`

To use dev envs: `cp packages/ddex/.env.dev packages/ddex/.env`

Fill in all missing values. See the `Creating a bucket in S3` section below for how to set up S3.

For docker compose to work: `cat packages/ddex/.env >> dev-tools/compose/.env`

### One-time setup
`audius-compose connect` to update your `/etc/hosts`

### Bring up the ddex stack subsequently
`audius-compose up -ddex-only`

To access the ddex db via the mongo shell: `docker exec -it ddex-mongo mongosh -u mongo -p mongo --authenticationDatabase admin` then `use ddex`

### Develop with hot reloading
Each service can be run independently as long as `ddex-mongo` is up (from `audius-compose up --ddex-only` and then optionally stopping individual services). See the respective subdirectories' READMEs.

### Creating a bucket in S3
1. Create a new bucket in the S3 console with the name `ddex-[dev|staging]-<label/distributor>-raw`. Use all the defaults, including "ACLs disabled"
2. Do the same for a bucket named `ddex-[dev|staging]-<label/distributor>-indexed`. Use all the defaults, including "ACLs disabled"
3. Create an IAM Policy (here](https://us-east-1.console.aws.amazon.com/iamv2/home?region=us-west-2#/policies/create) (or search IAM and click Policies > Create Policy). Select S3.
    * Under `Read` choose `GetObject` and `GetObjectAttributes`.
    * Under `Write` choose `DeleteObject` and `PutObject`.
    * Under `List` choose `ListBucket`.
    * Click `Add Arn` for object actions, enter the bucket name ending with `raw`, and check the box for `Any object name`.
    * Click `Add Arn` for object actions again, enter the bucket name ending with `indexed`, and check the box for `Any object name`.
    * Click `Add Arn` for bucket actions and enter the bucket name ending with `raw`.
    * Click `Add Arn` for bucket actions again and enter the bucket name ending with `indexed`.
    * Click Next, and then name the policy `ddex-[dev|staging]-<label/distributor>-policy`.
4. Create an IAM User [here](https://us-east-1.console.aws.amazon.com/iamv2/home?region=us-west-2#/users/create) (or search IAM and click Users > Create User).
    * Name the user `ddex-[dev|staging]-<label/distributor>-user` and press Next.
    * Select "Attach policies directly," and search for the policy you created (`ddex-[dev|staging]-<label/distributor>-policy`). Check the box next to it and press Next and then Create User.
5. Search for your new user and press "Create access key" and then "Third-party service." Copy the access key and secret access key into your `.env` file (assuming you've already done `cp .env.[dev|stage] .env`).
6. Go back to the bucket ending with `raw`, and add CORS at the bottom of the Permissions tab. Here's an example for dev, but for a prod environment you'll wnat to replace "*" in "AllowedOrigins" with the DNS that the frontend will be served from:
```json
[
    {
        "AllowedHeaders": [
            "*"
        ],
        "AllowedMethods": [
            "PUT"
        ],
        "AllowedOrigins": [
            "*"
        ],
        "ExposeHeaders": []
    }
]
```

### Running / debugging the e2e test
* Run `audius-compose test down && audius-compose test run ddex-e2e` to start the ddex stack and run the e2e test
* To debug S3, exec into `ddex-s3`, run `pip install awscli`, and then you can run `aws --endpoint=http://localhost:4566 s3 ls` and other commands to debug the S3 state

Commit message:

[PROTO-1686] Setup DDEX choreography infra and related improvements (#7739)

packages/ddex/README.md, after:

# Audius DDEX

Processes and uploads DDEX releases to Audius.

## Production setup
Use audius-docker-compose to run a production DDEX instance. After you've installed audius-docker-compose, set the following required environment variables in override.env (in the audius-docker-compose repository, not here).

### AWS environment variables:
Set up your buckets by following the "Creating a bucket in S3" section below. Then, set these environment variables:
- `AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID`: the access key for the IAM user you created
- `AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY`: the secret access key for the IAM user you created
- `AWS_REGION`: the region where your buckets were created (e.g., 'us-west-2' or 'us-east-1')
- `AWS_BUCKET_RAW`: the name of the bucket you created (likely the format of `ddex-[dev|staging]-<label/distributor>-raw`)
- `AWS_BUCKET_INDEXED`: the name of the bucket you created (likely the format of `ddex-[dev|staging]-<label/distributor>-indexed`)

### App environment variables:
Create an app by following the 2 steps [here](https://docs.audius.org/developers/sdk/#set-up-your-developer-app), and then set these environment variables:
- `DDEX_KEY`: the key created for your Audius app
- `DDEX_SECRET`: the secret created for your Audius app
- `DDEX_CHOREOGRAPHY`: the type of choreography you're using: "[ERNReleaseByRelease](https://ernccloud.ddex.net/electronic-release-notification-message-suite-part-3%253A-choreographies-for-cloud-based-storage/5-release-by-release-profile/5.1-choreography/)" or "[ERNBatched](https://ernccloud.ddex.net/electronic-release-notification-message-suite-part-3%253A-choreographies-for-cloud-based-storage/6-batch-profile/6.1-choreography/)." If you want another option, you'll have to implement the code for it

### Auth-related environment variables:
- `DDEX_ADMIN_ALLOWLIST`: a comma-separated list of **decoded** user IDs that are allowed to act as admins on your DDEX website. You can decode your user ID by going to `https://discoveryprovider.audius.co/v1/full/users/handle/<your audius handle>`, looking at the `id` field, and then decoding it by pasting it into the "Encoded" textbox [here](https://healthz.audius.co/#/utils/id) and copying the "Integer" value
- `SESSION_SECRET`: enter something random and unique. This is important for the security of user sessions

## Local dev
DDEX requires these services: `ddex-webapp`, `ddex-crawler`, `ddex-indexer`, `ddex-parser`, `ddex-publisher`, `ddex-mongo`.

### Env configuration
All services read from `packages/ddex/.env`.

To use stage envs: `cp packages/ddex/.env.stage packages/ddex/.env`

To use dev envs: `cp packages/ddex/.env.dev packages/ddex/.env`

Fill in all missing values. See the `Creating a bucket in S3` section below for how to set up S3.

For docker compose to work: `cat packages/ddex/.env >> dev-tools/compose/.env`

### One-time setup
`audius-compose connect` to update your `/etc/hosts`

### Bring up the ddex stack subsequently
`audius-compose up -ddex-only`

To access the ddex db via the mongo shell: `docker exec -it ddex-mongo mongosh -u mongo -p mongo --authenticationDatabase admin` then `use ddex`

### Develop with hot reloading
Each service can be run independently as long as `ddex-mongo` is up (from `audius-compose up --ddex-only` and then optionally stopping individual services). See the respective subdirectories' READMEs.

### Creating a bucket in S3
1. Create a new bucket in the S3 console with the name `ddex-[dev|staging]-<label/distributor>-raw`. Use all the defaults, including "ACLs disabled"
2. Do the same for a bucket named `ddex-[dev|staging]-<label/distributor>-indexed`. Use all the defaults, including "ACLs disabled"
3. Create an IAM Policy (here](https://us-east-1.console.aws.amazon.com/iamv2/home?region=us-west-2#/policies/create) (or search IAM and click Policies > Create Policy). Select S3.
    * Under `Read` choose `GetObject` and `GetObjectAttributes`.
    * Under `Write` choose `DeleteObject` and `PutObject`.
    * Under `List` choose `ListBucket`.
    * Click `Add Arn` for object actions, enter the bucket name ending with `raw`, and check the box for `Any object name`.
    * Click `Add Arn` for object actions again, enter the bucket name ending with `indexed`, and check the box for `Any object name`.
    * Click `Add Arn` for bucket actions and enter the bucket name ending with `raw`.
    * Click `Add Arn` for bucket actions again and enter the bucket name ending with `indexed`.
    * Click Next, and then name the policy `ddex-[dev|staging]-<label/distributor>-policy`.
4. Create an IAM User [here](https://us-east-1.console.aws.amazon.com/iamv2/home?region=us-west-2#/users/create) (or search IAM and click Users > Create User).
    * Name the user `ddex-[dev|staging]-<label/distributor>-user` and press Next.
    * Select "Attach policies directly," and search for the policy you created (`ddex-[dev|staging]-<label/distributor>-policy`). Check the box next to it and press Next and then Create User.
5. Search for your new user and press "Create access key" and then "Third-party service." Copy the access key and secret access key into your `.env` file (assuming you've already done `cp .env.[dev|stage] .env`).
6. Go back to the bucket ending with `raw`, and add CORS at the bottom of the Permissions tab. Here's an example for dev, but for a prod environment you'll wnat to replace "*" in "AllowedOrigins" with the DNS that the frontend will be served from:
```json
[
    {
        "AllowedHeaders": [
            "*"
        ],
        "AllowedMethods": [
            "PUT"
        ],
        "AllowedOrigins": [
            "*"
        ],
        "ExposeHeaders": []
    }
]
```

### Running / debugging the e2e test
* Run `audius-compose test down && audius-compose test run ddex-e2e-release-by-release` to start the ddex stack and run the e2e test for the Release-By-Release choreography. You can replace `ddex-e2e-release-by-release` with `ddex-e2e-batched` to run the e2e test for the Batched choreography.
* To debug S3, exec into `ddex-s3`, run `pip install awscli`, and then you can run `aws --endpoint=http://localhost:4566 s3 ls` and other commands to debug the S3 state
